# Sensory Cloud Objective C SDK

This repository contains the source code for the Sensory Cloud Objective C SDK.

Developing for a Swift iOS app? We recommend using the [Swift SDK](https://github.com/Sensory-Cloud/ios-sdk) available via the Swift Package Manager instead.

## General Information

Before getting started, you must spin up a Sensory Cloud inference server or have Sensory spin one up for you.

You must also have the following pieces of information:

- Your inference server URL
- Your Sensory Tenant ID (UUID)
- Your configured secret key used to register OAuth clients

Most of the time this information is packaged in a `config.ini` file provided by Sensory.

## Installation

SensoryCloud is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'SensoryCloud'
```

## Naming Conventions

All classes provided in the Sensory Cloud SDK have the prefix `SEN` to prevent naming collisions. 
Additionally classes that have been auto-generated by the GRPC/Protobuf compilers have the prefix `SENG`.
Some auto-generated classes that are specific to audio or video use cases have the prefix `SENGA` or `SENGV`.
This is done to prevent naming conflicts in the audo-generated code (Ex: `SENGACreateEnrollmentConfig` and `SENGVCreateEnrollmentConfig`).

## Example Code

An example app can be found under `Example/SensoryCloudExampleApp/`. This app includes examples for how to initialize the SDK and many common SDK use cases. Please note that this app is primarily intended to be used as example code and to be run when connected to a debugger. The app takes many configurations from hard-coded parameters and outputs results via `NSLog` statements. 

To run the app against your Sensory Cloud server you must replace the config file at `Example/SensoryCloudExampleApp/config.ini` with the `config.ini` file Sensory provided to you. Additionally some examples will require further changes to the hard coded parameters (Namely the EnrollmentIDs in the authentication examples).

The example code files are specifically located under `Example/SensoryCloudExampleApp/Examples` and are grouped into Audio, Video, and Management examples.
